# Team-based Presentation Activity

### Overview

The main goal of this activity is to learn how to create a presentation, and how
to express yourself within a short time window. Each team should write
introduction slides about your team. The team leader should create a milestone
in your team's repository, and assign issues to each team member. Each member
should write at least three [GitPitch](https://gitpitch.com/) slides about
yourself (preferably in Hangul), and about your development environment. Make it
attractive with visual aids, e.g., your photos, and *advertise yourself* well.
Each member has maximum 3 min. to give an elevator pitch during the
presentation.

Typically, you talk about your research in an elevator pitch, but you are going
to brag about your development environment in this activity. Good engineers have
their own, well-customized development environment.  Typically you can configure
your applications by modifying files that starts with a 'dot'. For example, you
modify `.vimrc` file in your home directory to set up your VIM, a text editor.
You also modify `.muttrc` file in your home directory to configure Mutt, an
email client. We often call these settings as
[dotfiles](https://dotfiles.github.io/).  Each team member should brag about
your environment, and talk about how you can efficiently perform specific
operations within your environment. For example, you may want to talk about how
you read your twits within your Emacs editor. How you set up your email client,
and so on.


### Activity Steps

1. TAs will give a repository to each team.
2. Each team's leader should create a milestone, and distribute your work.
3. Merge all the changes from all the members.
4. Polish your slides. Make sure to follow a consistent style.
5. Create a tag `submission`.

### Grading Criteria

- Do Git logs well summarize each commit? Are GitHub milestone and issues
  well distributed to each team member? Did you use branches to distribute
  your work?

- Did you write a `README.md` file that contains an abstract of
  your team introduction document. The abstract should concisely summarize your
  introduction document.

- Every section in GitPitch slides should follow the same style. In other
  words, the whole slides should look as if it is written by a single
  person. For example, each section should be well distributed in terms of their
  length. The slides should be also visually attractive.

- Is there a proper introduction about the whole team members?

- Are there typos or grammatical errors?

- How geeky your environment is?

- Did you finish your presentation in time?

- We will give +2 extra points to the best presenting team (each team member
  will get +2 points).
