# PGP Activity

### Overview

There are mainly two sub-activities: (1) building a web of trust, and (2)
visualizing your web of trust.

#### Web of Trust (Individual activity)

You want to build a web of trust. Meet your colleagues, and share your PGP
public keys. The final deliverable should be a Pull Request (PR) to this
repository that adds information about your public key into the `IndividualKeys`
directory. Before you create a PR, read the `README.md` in the `IndividualKeys`
directory carefully. If you do not follow the instruction, we will **immediately
deduct 5 points**.

#### Visualization and Presentation (Group activity)

Each team should create a team's PGP key, and put it into the `GroupKeys`
directory of **this** repository. The group key should be signed by every member
in the team.

Create a new branch called `pgp` in your team's presentation repository, and
create a new presentation. In the presentation, you should demonstrate what you
have done as a team with PGP keys. As an example, you may want to demonstrate
how you used PGP keys to securely send emails between team members. You should
add at least one slide that shows a graph of your team member's web of trust,
where each node represents a person's name and each directional edge represents
trust relationship. Specifically, if A trusts B, then there should be an edge
from A to B. The final commit should be clearly marked with a tag
`pgp-submission`. We recommend you to make use of the milestone feature of
Github as in the previous activities. The main goal of this presentation is to
show your "love" about PGP keys. We will not have a presentation session. Thus,
we will evaluate your presentation solely based on your slides. No limit on the
number of slides.

#### Deadline

The deadline for both sub-activities is by 3/19 8am.

#### Deliverables

1. (Individual) a PR to this repository that adds your own individual PGP key.
2. (Group) a PR to this repository that adds your team's PGP key.
3. (Group) a new branch in your team's presentation repository that includes new
   presentation slides.

### Grading Criteria

- Did you follow the `README.md`?

- Are commits in your PR signed with your PGP key?

- Your PGP key should be signed by at least 5 other people.

- Did students use PGP keys effectively?

- Are slides concise and easy to understand? Are slides well organized?

- Are graphs readable? Are graphs visually attractive?

- Content is accurate and information is presented in a logical order.

- Are there any mistakes? (e.g., spelling errors, missing references)

- Is there any team member fell behind?

- A student who gets the most signatures (i.e., who build the largest web of
  trust) will get +1 extra points.

- A team that demonstrates the best slides will get +5 extra points.
