# Onion Messenger

In this activity, each group will create an online chatting system, called
**onion messenger**. Onion messenger is inspired by [onion
routing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Onion_routing): it anonymizes messages
between clients with PGP keys. The sender and the receiver of a message can see
the message, but other clients cannot see its content or figure out who is
sending the message to whom.

When a messenger client runs, it receives from network a list of other clients
in the same network. Each item in the list consists of a client's Github ID and
the IP address used by that client. For simplicity, we assume that the list
always contains the correct information: every client in the list should be up
and reachable, and we do not consider any spoofing attack on this list. While
running, a client should take in user inputs from the terminal and sends a
message a user typed to a specific client in the network. You should design your
own interface for this purpose. The app should also relay messages it gets to
other clients in the network while decrypting the messages as in onion routing.

Each team should build an onion messenger system in collaboration. You should
use C/C++ in this activity. The final deliverable is a Git repository that
contains a Dockerfile, which can automatically fetch the latest version of your
onion messenger, compile it, and run it.
Note that the Dockerfile would also have to transfer the user's private key into
the docker container. Assume that the user's private key file exists in the same
directory with the Dockerfile. When the onion messenger starts, it should
receive the passphrase of the user's PGP key from the terminal (i.e. stdin).
Learn how to use docker if you are not familiar with it. We expect to see a demo
at the final presentation that involves creating at least 5 docker containers in
the same private network. You should demonstrate that each container can talk to
each other through your messenger in your demo.

## Deadline

- 4/2 8am.

## Deliverable

- Onion messenger: your team's own repository for onion messenger is
  `2018s-onion-teamN`. It should have a tag called `submission`.

- Presentation: Create a branch called `onion` in your team presentation directory,
  and prepare your slides. Your main goal here is to advertise your product. We
  will have a team presentation session on 4/2. Each team will have 15 min. talk
  and 3 min. Q&A.

# Grading Criteria

Although this is a team-based project, we will individually grade your score based on
your contribution. TAs are closely monitoring your activity in your repos.

1. Is Milestone well established? Is there a concrete plan?

2. Have clear design of the protocol, message formats?

3. Is the interface is intuitive and usable?

4. (Extra) what kind of features did you consider? For example, does your system
   allow sending photos or voice? etc.

5. How passionate were you about your product?

6. Is the presentation entertaining? Do I want to buy your product after seeing the presentation?

# Checkpoint

We will check your project status on Monday (3/26) based on the following
criteria:

1. Are you making use of Github?
2. Do you have a working prototype?
3. Are you making some effort in improving quality of your system?
4. Reasonable effort has been made so far?
