# Vulnerability and Exploitation (with Onion Messengers)

Each team will make use of the onion messenger you created in the previous
activity. Your goal in this activity is threefold: (1) you inject
vulnerabilities into your messenger (i.e., your team's messenger), (2) you
generate exploits for the vulnerabilities, and (3) (optional) you find
vulnerabilities from other team's onion messenger. This is an **individual**
activity. You will have to clone your team's repo to your local, and push
all the commits to your own private repo by modifying the "[git remote](https://help.github.com/articles/changing-a-remote-s-url/)" to start with.

Each team member should individually inject a vulnerability into the
messenger. You can freely modify the existing messenger (i.e., you can even add
a new functionality if necessary). This activity will be done in an individual
private repository (not in the same repository used in the previous
activity). You should create a working exploit as well, and demonstrate it in
the midterm presentation. Your final exploit script should be dockerized,
meaning that it should run in a docker container. Also, the exploit script
should take in the target IP address as input in order to attack arbitrary
messenger clients.

We will give individual extra points if you find vulnerabilities from other
teams' repositories. You should make a PR (Pull Request) or issue in the team's
repository with a demonstration that you can exploit the vulnerability you
found. You can get theoretically unlimited extra points as long as you can show
the proofs. A duplicated vulnerability report is not going to be credited: only
the first submitter will get the credit.

You will have an individual presentation. Each individual needs to create a
branch called `presentation` in your own private repo. Your slides should include a summary the
vulnerability you injected as well as a demo. You will use your own laptop for
the presentation. We expect to see a live demo, although this is not strictly
necessary. Each student has 6 minutes for presentation including Q&A.

In private repo, nobody can review your GitPitch presentation since GitPitch in private repo requires
GitPitch Pro subscription. Therefore, you should make your private repository public in the presentation date.

For reviewing your slides, there is an approach to get your GitPitch slides locally. Please refer [here](https://github.com/gitpitch/gitpitch/wiki/Developing-Testing-Locally).

### Deliverables

- Your private repository should contain commits properly tagged with
  `submission` tag.

- The repository should contain a well-documented `README.md` that describes
  each vulnerability you injected.

- The repository should also contain exploit scripts for each vulnerability.
  You should create a dockerfile for each exploit script so that we can easily
  build a docker container for each exploit script.

- Each individual should prepare slides in your own private repository. Create
  a `presentation` branch and build slides.

### Grading Criteria

This is an individual activity. We will carefully look at the presentation
quality of each individual. See previous activities about detailed grading
criteria for presentation. Please note that this activity is considered as a
**midterm exam** of this course. See the lecture slides for the detailed grading
criteria.

For finding other teams' vulnerabilities, we will give extra points based on the
followings (tentative):
- 4 pts for creating a PR with a demonstration and a correct patch.
- 2 pts for finding a vulnerability, and demonstrating an exploit as an issue.
- 1 pt for finding a vulnerability, and creating an issue for it
- 0.5 pt for finding a bug (not a security bug).

### Deadline

- Exploitation: 4/16 8am
- Presentation slides: 4/18 8am
