# Malware Design

In this activity, you should design your own virus. At a high level, your goal
is to implement a virus that can propagate by infecting existing ELF binaries.
Infected binaries should also propagate the virus whenever executed, but it
should maintain the same behavior as in the original binaries. Students who
cannot create their own virus should work on an anti-virus scanner. Go to the
[AV](#av) section for further details.

### Virus Specification

We give the simplest form of specification. You should use your imagination to
design your own virus, but it should at least satisfy the followings. We provide
a simple skeleton that you can start with.

- **TAs will give a private repository** by forking off from this [repository](https://github.com/KAIST-IS521/2018s-virus).

- Your virus should run on Debian 64-bit system. More specifically, it should
  just work if we run the binary on an official Debian docker container. In
  other words, it should run when we do:
  ```
  $ docker run --rm -it --cap-add=SYS_PTRACE debian # Debian official docker
  ### Inside docker
  # wget https://... # obtain your virus inside docker
  # ./virus # it should simply run like this.
  ```

- At the very first run of your virus, it should infect binaries in the current
  file system. You can check out the skeleton code we provide as an example.
  After the first run, infected binaries should run the same logic: it should
  infect other binary files when it runs. However, your virus should not destroy
  the file system: you do not remove files.

- Your virus should never remove existing files. For example, don't do ```rm -rf
  /```. We will immediately give zero point if your virus performs
  *unrecoverable* actions.

### Benign vs. Malicious

We say a program is malicious when it can propagate by infecting other binaries.
Even if it does no harm on the victim system other than the infection itself,
we will still call it malicious.

### Deliverables

In this activity, you use your own private repository. If you have a question,
refer your TA's GitHub ID in an issue.

- A single virus binary file encrypted with public keys of the TAs and professor. The
  name of the file should be `<Your Github ID>.bin.pgp`. We will deduct points
  if you do not follow the convention. This binary should run on vanilla Debian
  docker container, e.g., it should not require any installation of dependent
  libraries. The encrypted file should be placed at the root dir of your repository.

- The above file should be located at the root directory of your repository. The
  final commit should be properly tagged with a tag name `submission`.

- You should add at least one benign binary to your repository for testing as
  well as a testing script so that we can easily test the benign binary is
  infected by your virus while it manifests the normal behavior when executed.

- The repository should contain a well-documented `README.md` that describes your
  virus.

- (Optional) Students who cannot create their own virus should work on an
  anti-virus. Go to the [AV](#av) section.

### Deadline

The deadline is **9am, 5/13**.

### References

You can use your imagination, but in case you don't know where to start, here
are several references. Especially, Silvio's seminal paper is a good reference
even though the example is only designed for 32-bit systems.

- To read Silvio's white paper:
  ```curl -k https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opsxcq/mirror-vxheaven.org/master/vxheaven.org/lib/vsc01.html | w3m -T text/html```

- To download Silvio's sample: [virus](unix-linux-pv-src.tgz).

You can also search for `ELF virus` from GitHub to see various samples. However,
you must explicitly fork the repository in order to use them. We will give
partial points if you do so.

# AV

Students who cannot create their own virus, especially due to the lack of
understanding assembly code, can work on AV (Anti-Virus). Your goal is to
implement a dynamic virus scanner that takes in a program execution as input,
and outputs whether the execution is malicious or not. Specifically, your
scanner runs as follows:
```./scanner [program path] [cmd line option(s) for the program]```.

Your scanner will execute the given program with the provided command line
options, and check the execution of the program. You are free to use any
instrumentation technique, but one potential option would be to use ```ptrace```
system call provided by Linux OS in order to keep track of system calls of the
given program. As an example, see [here](https://blog.nelhage.com/2010/08/write-yourself-an-strace-in-70-lines-of-code/).

The deadline is the same as above. You will get less points compared to writing
a virus, but you can get extra points as you demonstrate the power of your
scanner.

### Deliverables

Your AV should just run on a vanilla Debian docker container. If you have
external dependencies, you should statically compile the libraries into a single
binary. If you cannot statically compile your program for some reasons, then you
can provide a zipped package that contains all the dependencies as well as a
main executable that automatically resolves dependencies, e.g., LD_LIBRARY_PATH.
In other words, your package (or binary) should just run on a vanilla Debian
docker container without further installation. **We will deduct 10 points if
your binary does not run in a vanilla Debian docker**.

  ```
  $ docker run --rm -it --cap-add=SYS_PTRACE debian # Debian official docker
  ### Inside docker
  # wget https://... # obtain your AV inside docker
  # ./scanner ... # it should simply run like this.
  ```

In this activity, you use your own private repository.  If you have a question,
refer your TA's GitHub ID in an issue.

- A zipped scanner binary file (or a package) encrypted with public keys of the
  TAs and professor. The name of the file should be `<Your Github ID>.zip.pgp`.
  The zip file should **not** contain a directory. We will deduct points if you
  do not follow the convention.  This binary should run on vanilla Debian docker
  container, e.g., it should not require any installation of dependent
  libraries. The encrypted file should be placed at the root dir of your repository.

- You should add at least 2 sample viruses (binary files) to your repository so
  that we can easily test your AV. You can search for open-sourced ELF viruses
  as mentioned in the references subsection above.

- The above file should be located at the root directory of your repository. The
  final commit should be properly tagged with a tag name `submission`.

- The repository should contain a well-documented `README.md` that describes your AV.

### Deadline

The deadline is **9am, 5/13**.
