# Git-based CTF

We assume that each team has its own PGP key pair, and each student has their
own PGP key pair too: each student should have two key pairs. Students will earn
individual attack points by exploiting other teams' services. Defenses are done
in group in this activity though.

### Schedule

1. Preparation (5/16 -- 1pm, 5/21)

Each team prepares a Docker image that runs a network service. We strongly
recommend you to use a `Dockerfile` template we provide for this activity. In
this step, you can either choose an open-source project from the [list](List.md)
of repositories we gave, or develop your own project. When choosing an
open-source project, you should use the latest version. When developing your
own, you should use C/C++. You will also have to discuss with instructors in
order to develop your own, because we do not want you to develop a trivial
service that does nothing. We will provide a private repository for each team in
this phase.

2. Injection (5/21 -- 1pm, 5/25)

Each team should prepare three intended vulnerabilities along with proofs of
exploitation. You can provide a proof by creating a dockerized exploit script.
We also provide a script that helps this. The dockerized exploit script should
be encrypted with two keys: your team's key and the instructor's key. For each
vulnerability (or a chain of vulnerabilities) you inject, you should create a
branch called `bug1`, `bug2`, ..., `bugN`. Note that one branch may contain
multiple vulnerabilities. For example, you may want to inject both a buffer
overflow and a memory leak vulnerability to create an exploitable challenge.

3. CTF Exercise (9am, 5/28 -- 9am, 6/1)

We will make every repository public before we start the game. Each student will
play the game individually, but may patch their service in group. An attack in
Git-based CTF is a directory that contains an exploit script (or program) and a
Dockerfile that can run the script. The directory should be properly encrypted
and submitted to the opponent's repository as a GitHub issue. We provide a
[script](FIXME) that automatically does this.

### Vulnerabilities

##### Intended vulnerabilities

These vulnerabilities are injected by students, and there are corresponding
working exploits for each of the intended vulnerabilities.

##### Unintended vulnerabilities

These vulnerabilities may or may not exist in the original program, but if there
is any, it is considered as an unintended vulnerability.
