# Git-based CTF

We assume that each team has its own PGP key pair, and each student has their
own PGP key pair too: each student should have two key pairs. Students will earn
individual attack points by exploiting other teams' services. Defenses are done
in group in this activity though.

### Schedule

1. **Preparation** (5/16 -- 1pm, 5/21)

Each team prepares a Docker image that runs a network service. We strongly
recommend you to use a `Dockerfile` template we provide for this activity. In
this step, you can either choose an open-source project from the [list](List.md)
of repositories we gave, or develop your own project. When choosing an
open-source project, you should use the latest version. When developing your
own, you should use C/C++. You will also have to discuss with instructors in
order to develop your own, because we do not want you to develop a trivial
service that does nothing. We will provide a private repository for each team in
this phase.

   - You *cannot* fork off from the chosen repository because you are using a
     private repository. You need to clone the repo, add your private repo as a
     remote in your own machine, and then push to your private repo.

   - We provide a `Dockerfile`
     [template](https://github.com/KAIST-IS521/2018s-gitctf-script/tree/master/service_template)
     for your service preparation.

   - We provide a
     [tool](https://github.com/KAIST-IS521/2018s-gitctf-script/tree/master/scripts)
     to help you validate your service repository. It checks whether your
     repository contains valid service contents for Git-based CTF. You should
     run this tool before you submit your project: type `./gitctf.py verify
     service -h` to get some more information.

   - Create a `submission` tag when you are done preparing your service.

2. **Injection** (5/21 -- 1pm, 5/25)

Each team should prepare three intended vulnerabilities along with proofs of
exploitation. You can provide a proof by creating a dockerized exploit script.
We also provide a script that helps this. The dockerized exploit script should
be encrypted with two keys: your team's key and the instructor's key. For each
vulnerability (or a chain of vulnerabilities) you inject, you should create a
branch called `bug1`, `bug2`, ..., `bugN`. Note that one branch may contain
multiple vulnerabilities. For example, you may want to inject both a buffer
overflow and a memory leak vulnerability to create an exploitable challenge.

   - You should create your own exploit directory at your local machine, but
     should *not* commit nor push your exploit source code to your
     repository. Of course, you don't want other people to look at the solution
     for free!

   - For each `bugN` branch, you should commit only an *encrypted* exploit. You
     can create an encrypted exploit by running our
     [tool](https://github.com/KAIST-IS521/2018s-gitctf-script/tree/master/scripts). You
     can even verify whether your encrypted exploit is valid or not: type
     `./gitctf.py verify exploit -h` for more information about exploit
     validation.

   - You can also validate your `bugN` branch by using the same tool: type
     `./gitctf.py verify injection -h` for more information.


3. **CTF Exercise** (9am, 5/28 -- 9am, 6/1)

We will make every repository public before we start the game. Each student will
play the game individually, but may patch their service in group. An attack in
Git-based CTF is a directory that contains an exploit script (or program) and a
Dockerfile that can run the script. The directory should be properly encrypted
and submitted to the opponent's repository as a GitHub issue. We provide a
[tool](https://github.com/KAIST-IS521/2018s-gitctf-script) that automatically
does this.

### Vulnerabilities

##### Intended vulnerabilities

These vulnerabilities are injected by students, and there are corresponding
working exploits for each of the intended vulnerabilities.

##### Unintended vulnerabilities

These vulnerabilities may or may not exist in the original program, but if there
is any, it is considered as an unintended vulnerability.
